#39 duo auth amendments - Upgraded `duo_client` in requirements.txt t… (#237)
rapid7/insightconnect-plugins: duo_auth/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.0.3 - Upgraded `duo_client` in requirements.txt to version `4.0.0` | Upgraded duo_client in vendor folder to version `4.0.0` | Changed bare strings in params.get and output to static fields from schema |  Change docker image from `komand/python-3-plugin:2` to `komand/python-3-37-slim-plugin:3`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.0.3 - Upgraded `duo_client` in requirements.txt to version `4.0.0` | Upgraded `duo_client` in vendor folder to version `4.0.0` | Use input and output constants |  Change docker image from `komand/python-3-plugin:2` to `komand/python-3-37-slim-plugin:3` to reduce plugin image size
```
